.TH FDEBUG 1 "Jun 2010"
.SH NAME
fdebug \- fDebug Client


.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fdebug
[
.I options
]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.B fDebug
Commandline Client



.SH OPTIONS
fdebug accepts the following options.

.SS Generic Options
.TP
\fB-h, --help
Display a short list with available commands and options

.TP
\fB-D, --debug
Force the client to be started in a special Debug Mode.
This enables an extended output of information like showing received bytes and the received
json-string from the server. Setting up this directive may not be very useful in productional environments and
should only be used for debugging purposes.

.TP
\fB-p, --port \fI[port]
bind fDebug to a specific port.
.RS
If the port directive is not specified, fdebug uses the default port 5005.

.RE
.TP
\fB-d, --details
Detailed fdebug output

.TP
\fB-V, --variables
Show list of variables that were available when the site was processed

.TP
\fB-S, --control
Display the internal control messages like handshaking information and connection quits

.TP
\fB-s, --strict
Enable the strict mode.
It forces the client to ask for accepting each new incoming connection request.

.SS Message Filters
If a filter flag is specified, messages with other filter types will be ignored.
All filters flags can be used in addition.

For example, you can use the -we flags to display only warnings and error messages.
If no filters are specified, all messages will be displayed. This is the default.

.TP
\fB-m, --message
Show messages

.TP
\fB-w, --warning
Show warnings

.TP
\fB-e, --error
Show errors

.TP
\fB-f, --fatal
Show fatal errors


.SS Extended Message Filtering:
If the simple message filter options don't come up to scratch for you, the extended filter
settings can be used to filter the output more exactly or even more restrictive.

Therefore, the following commands could give you some more capabilities:

.TP
\fB--match
hmm

.SH EXAMPLES
Listen on the default port 5005 and show warning, error and fatal messages only.

.RS
$ fdebug --warning --error --fatal

.RE
Show all messages containing the keyword 'finished' (this would include warnings, errors and fatals too)
.RE
Please note that the pattern is matched case-sensitively

.RS
$ fdebug --match "*finished*"

.RE
Display warning messages with detailed information

.RS
$ fdebug -d -w

.SH REPORTING BUGS
.RS
.RE
Report fDebug bugs to virus-d@fcms.de
.RE
fDebug home page: <http://fdebug.de>


.SH LICENSE
freepoint public license (fpl) v1.1: <http://fdebug.de/en/site/license/>

